# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE: 1.3.2021**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Simplify*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*
#### remove api descriptions (only for selling to customers) DONE

#### Choose either find nearby events or selling tickets or both

#### simplify "available tickets  are connected..." DONE

#### add descriptions of all the db concepts, countries, areas... DONE

#### add another client that is not ticket usage DONE

#### specify more on related apis. why they are rest? are they not hypermedia? DONE

#### mention that Area.name primarykey and unique. DONE

#### onModifies for everything and foreignKey errors DONE

### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
#### APIARY:
#### Move some things in apiary or make clear what is profile what is what? DONE
#### add areas control  DONE
#### fix mason headers to content types.  DONE
#### 204 header do we need location header?  DONE?
#### add "get area" to apiary    DONE
#### remove add-area and edit from eventbyarea apiary to area collection and area.  DONE

#### REST CONFORMANCE: DONE
#### develop further the uniform interface part DONE
#### also connectedness explain more on HATEOAS, for example how we use hypermedia. DONE



### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 3. (=FINAL MEETING because final deliverable)
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
1. Do course feedback at palaute.oulu.fi DONE
2. Add details to futurework DONE
3. Mention in earlier deadlines what features we left out from Design->implementation DONE
4. Update hours 
5. Fix bug in client DONE


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

